Avoid h24 in examples (#28701)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/intl/locale/gethourcycles/index.md

### Supported hour cycle types

- `h12`

>   - : Hour system using 1–12; corresponds to 'h' in patterns. The 12 hour clock, with midnight starting at 12:00 am. (The 12-hour clock as used e.g. in the United States.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Hour system using 1–12; corresponds to 'h' in patterns. The 12 hour clock, with midnight starting at 12:00 am. As used, for example, in the United States.
```

- `h23`

>   - : Hour system using 0–23; corresponds to 'H' in patterns. The 24 hour clock, with midnight starting at 0:00. (The 24-hour clock.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Hour system using 0–23; corresponds to 'H' in patterns. The 24 hour clock, with midnight starting at 0:00.
```

- `h11`

>   - : Hour system using 0–11; corresponds to 'K' in patterns. The 12 hour clock, with midnight starting at 0:00 am. (Japanese 12-hour clock.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Hour system using 0–11; corresponds to 'K' in patterns. The 12 hour clock, with midnight starting at 0:00 am. Mostly used in Japan.
```

- `h24`

>   - : Hour system using 1–24; corresponds to 'k' in pattern. The 24 hour clock, with midnight starting at 24:00. (Not used anywhere.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Hour system using 1–24; corresponds to 'k' in pattern. The 24 hour clock, with midnight starting at 24:00. Not used anywhere.
```
